This rheumatism?
You're asking the right person.
I have a good way to treat rheumatism
Everyone knows this rheumatism.
He has a long treatment cycle
The effect is not good either
But I'll leave that for now.
I only have half a day.
Just tell the old man to cure the nurse
And what?
My consultation today is completely free.
Half a day
Dr. Zhang, is what you said true?
Ouch, I've talked too much for half a day.
As long as I am self-conscious
You will see the effect immediately after pulling it out.
Come on, aunt, come up
Are you smoking for real?
Who gave birth to you
But he said his was not good
I'm really not him
Fathers and villagers, everyone is optimistic
I have the silver needle in my hand, hahaha.
Hand up and down
Really get rid of the disease